the following is a selected video from
your teacher comm where you can browse
over 450 complete math lessons with
example videos interactive practice
problems self tests and more try a
complete lesson today at your teacher
comm the area of a trapezoid is 91 the
height is 14 and one of the bases has a
length of 10 find the length of the
other base in this example since we're
asked to find the length of a base let's
use our formula for the area of a
trapezoid that involves the bases which
is area of a trapezoid equals one half
height times parentheses base one plus
base two we know that the area is 91 the
height is 14 and one of the bases is 10
so we can set up the equation 91 equals
one half times 14 times parentheses 10
plus base two now simplifying on the
right side one half times 14 is 7 so we
have 91 equals seven times parentheses
10 plus b2 next we distribute the seven
through the parentheses on the right
side to get 91 equals seventy plus seven
times b2 now to get the b2 term by
itself we subtract 70 from both sides
and we have 21 equals 7 B 2 and dividing
both sides by 7 we find that 3 equals B
2 so the length of base 2 or the other
base of the trapezoid is 3